Oct 9, 2009 : OrthoMCL-DB Version 3 is released.  The new dataset includes 128 genomes.  New web site features include: (1) a tool to assign your proteins to OrthoMCL groups (see the new tools menu);  (2) a mapping from Version 3 groups to Version 2 and 1 is available for searching, allowing you to track changes across versions;  (3) the phyletic pattern in the groups result page is configurable, so you can tailor it to the clades you are interested in. 
Sep 22, 2009 : OrthoMCL-DB pipeline re-engineered. We have completely overhauled how we produce the database, encoding the entire process in a pipeline system.  This should dramatically improve our ability to deliver new versions of the database.
Feb 28, 2008 : OrthoMCL-DB Version 2 is released.  The new dataset includes an increased number of genomes (87).  New features on the web site include a system wide speed up; a significant speed up of the phyletic pattern query; improvements in query pages and group pages to accomodate the increased number of genomes; and use of public identifiers for sequences throughout the site, instead of assigned identifiers.  Perhaps most importantly, the production of the dataset has been moved to a pipeline system.  This will allow us to generate new versions at a much improved frequency.
Apr 18, 2007 : OrthoMCL is one of the best evaluated in PLoS ONE 2(4): e383.
Apr 24, 2006 : We just recovered our OrthoMCL-DB server from a hack-in that happened a week ago.
Jan 18, 2006 : A new feature is added to the history function: group queries and sequence queries can be transformed to each other, which allows much more flexible queries (e.g. all protein kinases that have a specific phyletic pattern).
Jan 1, 2006 : The paper describing OrthoMCL-DB is published at Nucleic Acids Research. <a href="http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/full/34/suppl_1/D363">Link to the paper</a>. 
Sep 23, 2005 : We added interactive SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics) graphs for BioLayout. By using this tool, you can navigate the sequence relationships within ortholog groups (group size <= 100): reciprocal best hits across species; reciprocal better hits within species; and other general edge relationships! Please forward any suggestion/bug report to help@orthomcl.org Thanks.
